	You don't often get email from training@jellyfish.com. Learn why this is important 

 	This email is from outside the organization. Please verify the sender before you click links and open attachments. If you think this is phishing, submit it using the Report button 
View in browser 



 



 

 



Hi Pratik,


We're looking forward to seeing you at our online, live, Instructor-Led Training (ILT) session tomorrow. The training will cover the following topic: 
 
Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure (9a)
 
You will have a chance to build the Google Cloud knowledge, practice new skills, and qualify for the 2nd stage of the Program - Certification Journey. 
 



 



The Details


Date
Monday 13th October 2025
Start time
9:00am IST
Finish time (approx)
1:00pm IST
Hosted by:
Julien Moreau
Join here : 
https://jftrgoogle.webex.com/jftrgoogle/j.php?MTID=m5b15bce5d1b0a73f76db8c8da39071d3

Meeting number: 2369 810 1227
Password: c7iVPDUQp32 
 
Join by video system:
Dial: 27487387
 
Join by phone: +44-20-7660-8149 United Kingdom Toll
Access code: 2369 810 1227
Add to your calendar:
Google → 


Outlook → 


Office 365 → 




 



 



Important information


Please review this information at least one day before the session:
	We recommend each delegate to have access to a working personal microphone and webcam, inbuilt or external.
	All delegates should have access to preferably Chrome/Firefox/Edge.
	Where possible delegates should have access to a second screen.
	The Program support team will join 30 minutes before the session to support anything from a technical perspective. Please ensure you join these sessions at least 15 minutes prior to the start to avoid any technical difficulties and disruptions to the class. 
	Prior to commencing the session please go to https://www.cloudskillsboost.google and create yourself a Cloud Skills Boost login using the email address you registered for the class with. On the morning of your training, you should see the class "Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure". You will need this to participate in the session.  
	Please note that some corporate-managed devices may have restrictions that will prohibit you from accessing https://www.cloudskillsboost.google or some parts of the practical labs. These restrictions would include corporate VPN for Internet access for example. If you are experiencing issues we suggest trying another device or an incognito/private window in your browser. 


 



 



Accessing Webex


	If this is the first time you’re joining a Webex meeting, Webex will automatically try and download the desktop application. Click the installer file to install the app.
	To run a Webex test on your device prior to the training, please click HERE.
	Alternatively, for additional joining instructions & Webex controls, please watch this video.



 



 



We can’t wait to see you there!


 




The Jellyfish Training Team,
Learn more, do more.


 


	 




Privacy Policy 
 
We hope you enjoyed receiving this email. If you prefer not to receive emails from us please Unsubscribe from all future emails 
or Update your email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive.
 
Jellyfish The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street SE1 9SG London, ., England.
 




 
